Docs/cpu (#268)
beehive-lab/TornadoVM: docs/source/faq.rst

------------------------------------------------------------

Partially yes. TornadoVM currently supports calls to the Math library.
However, invocations that imply I/O are not supported.
Note that this restriction also applies to low-level parallel programming models such as OpenCL, SYCL, oneAPI and CUDA. 

15. Do I need a GPU to run TornadoVM? 
------------------------------------------------------------

No. TornadoVM can also run on multi-core CPUs and/or FPGAs. What TornadoVM needs is a compatible driver/runtime installed in the machine. 

> For example, for a CPU access, developers can use the Intel OpenCL runtime (e.g., from the `Intel oneAPI base Toolkit <https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/tools/oneapi/base-toolkit.html>`__).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to enable TornadoVM getting access to an Intel CPU, developers can use the Intel OpenCL runtime (e.g., from the `Intel oneAPI base Toolkit <https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/tools/oneapi/base-toolkit.html>`__).
```

> To access FPGAs, developers can use the Intel (for Intel FPGAs) and AMD (for Xilinx FPGAs) OpenCL implementations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable TornadoVM accessing FPGAs, developers can use the Intel and AMD OpenCL implementations for the Intel and Xilinx FPGAs, respectively. 
```
